IVAN: Hey guys! I'm going to wait for people to
jump in here before I start rambling. I'm going to
Periscope a little bit since we're running behind,
because why not? And because people are waiting.
TALIESIN: People love that shit.
IVAN: People do love the Periscoping, which is
part of the thing. So hey guys! We're hanging out
here a little bit while we still get stuff up and
running. It's a Monday night, since they're still
getting stuff done with Pathfinder. Good, I can
check my hair, too, because, Jesus, what's going on
there with that? That's weird. Look at that little
cowlick! Look at that cowlick go! Ha ha! Yeah!
Phoenix is great, thanks for asking, Ozai!
TALIESIN: Quit fucking with your wig, man!
IVAN: Do you know what? It's okay. I need to get a
new one because it's starting to look more brown
instead of red. There's a Taliesin! Look at
Taliesin!
TALIESIN: I'll come over and say hi.
IVAN: Come over and say hi! Yes, Davian, I missed
being a player. I'm so happy to have an
opportunity to roll dice and not have to worry
about what I'm going to say next. It's very
lovely. I was telling Matt earlier as I was
grabbing all my stuff, I was like, "Is this
"everything I need to bring? Just my character
sheet, right? That's the only-- this is weird." I
didn't have to bring a box of things for the
normal chaos and craziness. Yeah, Dias, it is very
untamable. Special thanks, guys, for Paizo and
Syrinscape to come to hang out with us and do
this awesome Pathfinder one-off. Oh look, I found
a Phil! Say hi, Phil! And there's a Taliesin!
What's that? What's that one? There it is. There
they are. See?
TALIESIN: (goblin growling)
IVAN: We're waiting currently for Marisha to show
up, as well as Miss Burch to show up. They are
inbound. Again, it's a Monday night.
TALIESIN: It's LA. Monday. Only so much you can
do.
IVAN: It's a school night. It's not a Thursday
night, which I guess traffic just parts ways for
Critical Roll to show up to the set.
TALIESIN: Spoilers, dude, what the hell?
IVAN: Boop! I think there's a gray. I have to tell
you, I have one of their shirts. Your logo is one
of my favorites.
TALIESIN: Yeah, I really like the logo.
IVAN: It's so good. Yeah, guys, we're just hanging
out in the pre-setup because they're making sure
that Syrinscape: 1. Sounds awesome, and 2. That
Matt's hair is appropriately coiffed, designed,
and styled, because if there's one thing that you
can't have, it's an unattractive-looking Matt on
camera.
TALIESIN: They have to dope it first so it sleeps
through the game.
IVAN: They have to make sure they inject it with a
localized anesthetic so that it behaves?
TALIESIN: Well, it is carnivorous and it can bite
if you haven't had it properly doped down. It's
used to doing two shows a day, so it's pretty
solid.
IVAN: It's fair. Normally, it's usually well-fed
right before a show.
TALIESIN: You can't get it wet and you can't feed
it after midnight.
IVAN: It spawns little tiny Matt's hair. Yeah, he
heard me.
TALIESIN: Speaking of things that should be an
icon in the chat room.
IVAN: Oh gosh, Matt's hair? Oh gee. It's funny the
things we make as a result of chat's amazing
knowledge and glory. We have a pantheon of food
gods now because of chat.
TALIESIN: I don't even know how to say it.
IVAN: How do you say it, Taliesin? Hold on. What
have you been doing since 9:00AM, Taliesin?
TALIESIN: I have been directing stuff that I can't
talk about.
PHIL: NDA!
TALIESIN: Yeah, I'm under NDA, cone of NDA.
IVAN: There's no saving throw for that.
TALIESIN: No saving throw for that. Go back to
your--
IVAN: It actually makes you lose levels.
TALIESIN: Go back to cutting open dead people, at
that point.
IVAN: Right. Normally, for Monday nights, we do No
Survivors. I will take this opportunity-- oh,
Ozai, yeah, it's an Elfquest tee. Shout out to the
longest running independently published comic
ever! Love the Elfquest. Normally, we do No
Survivors on Monday nights, but of course, we're
doing this tonight. Sadly, I will not be GMing for
the next three weeks! Ugh! Why? Because I'm going
to be producing Tabletop season four, so there's
that. Yeah. Which, I know, sucks, but guys, it's
for a good cause. It's for Tabletop season four.
It is coming and we're going to be filming very
soon. Sadly, that means I'm going to have to be
out of the No Survivors loop, which means that
you're going to get a good buddy of mine GMing
next week and then Miss Jess is going to be GMing
for two weeks. Maybe I'll sneak in as a player on
one of her games, but I can't promise any of that
at the moment. Announcement! Tabletop Season 4 is
coming! It means that I'll be out for the next
three weeks. Ironically, I'll still be able to do,
not next week's Game the Game, but the week after.
Jess from No Survivors, Chocobeangirl! Miss
Merizan, all right? It's going to be crazy, but
I'm very proud of her for taking it by the horns
and going to be amazing GM. ChalkyDragon, I will
not lay out such spoilers as to which guests are
playing as what. I know Wil did confirm that he
wanted Becca and I and Zac to be playing Lanterns,
but you're going to have to wait and wait for the
episodes to come out before finding out. Yes!
Expect some Periscopes from me on set as we chill
out and do things. I just zoomed in on myself,
which I didn't mean to do. I'm going to show a
pacing Mercer. Hold on. There it is.
MATT: A frenzy before starting the game.
IVAN: As it is. As you will. It's okay! It's not
like a show has never been late ever.
MATT: No, this is the first time we've ever fallen
behind and it hurts my soul. That's not true at all.
IVAN: Since I'm just a player, I am totally calm
right now!
MATT: Well, enjoy it!
IVAN: Enjoy it! It's all right, buddy, I will do
you the favor and I will give you a night off.
Which really isn't a night off because I'm asking
you to come out an extra week.
MATT: That's okay. A couple of weeks and you can
chill.
IVAN: Yeah. Well, I ain't doing shit until after
mid-May because Tabletop.
MATT: Yeah.
IVAN: Then, after that, yes.
MATT: We'll chat.
IVAN: We shall chat, as always. It's not like I
see you every week or whatever. It's all fleeting.
Passing in the winds.
MATT: All Sandra Bullock and Keanu Reeves in
Lakehouse, it's my theory.
IVAN: That's very true. We're still chilling out,
hanging out while we get through stuff. As with
anything, it's chaos. We are doing a show, guys.
As we wait for Eric. Oh wait! We should go say hi
to Eric Mona! Let's go say hi to Eric! (singing)
Are you guys looking at Comixology?
TALIESIN: We are.
IVAN: Is that what you're doing?
TALIESIN: I am.
IVAN: I love Comixology.
TALIESIN: I'm currently reading The Wicked + The
Divine. Hi, dear!
ASHLY: I know, it's been so many!
IVAN: Ashly Burch just arrived.
ASHLY: How are you?
TALIESIN: I'm good.
IVAN: We'll all talk class and race-- I'm not
going to spoil what we're playing tonight, guys.
TALIESIN: You'll be table buddies.
IVAN: That's great.
TALIESIN: This book's amazing.
IVAN: Let's go say hey. Eric!
TALIESIN: Marisha's here!
IVAN: Is Eric a surprise or is he not?
Okay. Eric! Do you want to say hi to the internet?
ERIC: Sure!
IVAN: Guys, we have a special guest tonight. Eric
Mona is here.
ERIC: Hello!
IVAN: This is one of the gentlemen, not all of it
because it's a team effort.
ERIC: It's a team effort.
IVAN: But basically you can thank him for
Pathfinder.
ERIC: Hmm, and lots of other people. I'm the
publisher of Pathfinder.
IVAN: He is the publisher and he's here tonight
making sure that: 1. That we're awesome, and 2.
That we do everything right.
ERIC: I'm going to make sure every rule is 100%
correct.
IVAN: He's going to pass little notes in the
middle of every single session and Matt's going to be
like, "Calm."
ERIC: I think it's going to work just great. I
don't think it's going to be a problem.
IVAN: I think it'll be fine. I don't think it's
going to be an issue. We're going to have a good time.
ERIC: We can all do this together. The chat can
help and keep everything online.
MARISHA: Hi!
IVAN: Hi! I think everybody's here, guys, ladies,
everybody, people.
CREW: I'm going to steal him.
IVAN: Go steal. We're going to get it up so we can
get the show going. See you later, guys! Bye!
MATT: What?!